docs: add environment addons documentation (#4378)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/addons/modeling.en.md

> # Modeling with AWS CloudFormation

Reviewer: I wonder if it would look less overwhelming for folks if we split into two pages?
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Additional Workload Resources`
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Additional Environment Resources`
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Uploading Local Artifacts`

Author: What do you think of this?
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Modeling with AWS CloudFormation > Additional Workload Resources`
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Modeling with AWS CloudFormation > Additional Environment Resources`
- `Developing > Additional AWS Resources > Uploading Local Artifacts`

The hierarchy you proposed LGTM too. Just trying to preserve the CloudFormation keyword.

Edit:
scratch ⬆️ 

I will use the hierarchy that Efe proposed and include the CFN keyword in title

Additional AWS resources, referred to as "addons" in the CLI, are any additional AWS services that a [service or environment manifest](../../manifest/overview.en.md) does not integrate by default. 
For example, an addon can be a DynamoDB table, an S3 bucket, or an RDS Aurora Serverless cluster that your service needs to read or write to.

> An addon can be attached to a workload (a service or a job): its lifecycle will be managed at the workload level and 
> will be deleted when the workload is deleted. An addon can also be attached to an environment, in which case,
> it can be shared across services or jobs and won't be deleted unless the environment is deleted.

Reviewer: I tweaked the wording slightly let me know what you think:
```suggestion
You can define additional resources for a workload (such as a [Load Balanced Web Service](../../manifest/lb-web-service.en.md) or a [Scheduled Job](../../manifest/scheduled-job.en.md)). The lifecycle of workload addons will be managed by the workload and will be deleted once the workload is deleted.  
Alternatively, you can define additional shareable resource for an environment. Environment addons won't be deleted unless the environment is deleted.
```

You can run `copilot storage init` from your workspace and be guided through some questions to help you set up these resources.

!!!caution "" 

>     As of v1.25.0, `copilot storage init` only support creating addons on workload-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of v1.25.0, `copilot storage init` only support creating addons for services or jobs.
```

Author: After spitting workload/env addons into two pages, this "caution" block is moved to the page for env addons, and reworded to 
```
!!!caution "" 
    As of v1.25.0, `copilot storage init` does not support creating addons on environment-level.
```

>     As of v1.25.0, `copilot storage init` only support creating addons on workload-level.

Reviewer 2: adding the 's' and incorporating efe's suggestion
```suggestion
    As of v1.25.0, `copilot storage init` only supports creating addons for services or jobs.
```

## How to add other resources?

> For other types of addons, you can add your own custom CloudFormation templates:

Reviewer: What do you think about splitting our sections into two? My reasoning is that it's okay to repeat sections as long as it makes it easier for people to follow the steps:

```
## How to add other resources?

### Workload resources
1. You can store custom AWS CloudFormation templates in your workspace under the `copilot/workload/addons/` directory.
2. When running `copilot deploy` the custom addons template will be deployed along with your workload stack.

<sample directory layout/>

### Environment resources
Alternatively, to define additional environment resources:
1. You can store custom AWS CloudFormation templates in your workspace under the `copilot/environments/addons/` directory.
2. When running `copilot env deploy` the custom addons template will be deployed along with your environment stack.

<sample directory layout/>
```

Author: Split into two + applied the rewording!

1. Store the custom templates in your workspace.
    1. For a workload addon, store the template under `copilot/<workload>/addons` directory.
    2. For an environment addon, store the template under `copilot/environments/addons` directory.

> 3. Run `copilot svc/job/env deploy` to deploy your workload/environment, along with your addons.

Reviewer 2: maybe something like this so people don't mindlessly copy-paste?
```suggestion
3. Run `copilot [svc/job/env] deploy` to deploy your workload/environment, along with your addons.
```
or
```suggestion
3. Run `copilot <svc/job/env> deploy` to deploy your workload/environment, along with your addons.
```

* For an environment addon, the `Parameters` section must include `App`, `Env`.

you can customize your resource properties with [Conditions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/conditions-section-structure.html) or [Mappings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/mappings-section-structure.html).

!!! info ""
    We recommend following [Amazon IAM best practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html) while defining AWS Managed Policies for the additional resources, including:

    * [Grant least privilege](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privilege) to the policies defined in your `addons/` directory.  
    * [Use policy conditions for extra security](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#use-policy-conditions) to restrict your policies to access only the resources defined in your `addons/` directory.   

### Writing the `Parameters` section

> There are a few parameters that Copilot requires you to defined in your templates. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a few parameters that Copilot requires you to define in your templates. 
```

!!! info ""
    === "Workload addon"
        ```yaml
        # Required parameters for a workload addon by AWS Copilot.
        Parameters:
            App:
                Type: String
            Env:
                Type: String
            Name:
                Type: String
        ```
    === "Environment addon"
        ```yaml
        Parameters:
            # Required parameters for an environment addon by AWS Copilot.
            App:
                Type: String
            Env:
                Type: String
        ```

#### Customizing the `Parameters` section

If you'd like to define parameters in addition to the ones required by Copilot, you can do so with a
`addons.parameters.yml` file.

```term
.
└── addons/
    ├── template.yml
    └── addons.parameters.yml # Add this file under your addons/ directory.
```

1. In your template file, add the additional parameters under the `Parameters` section.
2. In your `addons.parameters.yml`, define the values of those additional parameters. They can refer to values from your workload/environment stack. 

???- note "Examples: Customize addon parameters"

>     === "Workload addon"

Reviewer: These are really nice 👏

        ```yaml
        # In "webhook/addons/my-addon.yml"
        Parameters:
          # Required parameters by AWS Copilot.
          App:
            Type: String
          Env:
            Type: String
          Name:
            Type: String
          # Additional parameters defined in addons.parameters.yml
          ServiceName:
            Type: String
        ```
        ```yaml
        # In "webhook/addons/addons.parameters.yml"
        Parameters:
            ServiceName: !GetAtt Service.Name
        ```

    === "Environment addon"
        ```yaml
        # In "environments/addons/my-addon.yml"
        Parameters:
          # Required parameters by AWS Copilot.
          App:
            Type: String
          Env:
            Type: String
          # Additional parameters defined in addons.parameters.yml
          ClusterName:
            Type: String
        ```
        ```yaml
        # In "environments/addons/addons.parameters.yml"
        Parameters:
            ClusterName: !Ref Cluster
        ```

### Writing the `Conditions` and the `Mappings` sections

> Often, your may want to configure your addon resources differently depending on certain conditions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Often, you want to configure your addon resources differently depending on certain conditions. 
```

For example, you could conditionally configure your DB resource's capacity depending on whether it is deploying to a 

> production or a test environment. To do so, you can use `Conditions` and `Mappings` sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
production or a test environment. To do so, you can use the `Conditions` and `Mappings` sections.
```

                prod:
                    "DBMinCapacity": 1
                    "DBMaxCapacity": 64
        Resources:
            MyCluster:
                Type: AWS::RDS::DBCluster
                Properties:
                    ScalingConfiguration:
                        MinCapacity: !FindInMap
                            - MyAuroraServerlessEnvScalingConfigurationMap
                            - !Ref Env
                            - DBMinCapacity
                        MaxCapacity: !FindInMap
                            - MyAuroraServerlessEnvScalingConfigurationMap
                            - !Ref Env
                            - DBMaxCapacity
        ```
    
    === "Using `Conditions`"
        ```yaml
        Conditions:
          IsProd: !Equals [!Ref Env, "prod"] 
        
        Resources:
          MyCluster:
            Type: AWS::RDS::DBCluster
            Properties:
              ScalingConfiguration:
                  MinCapacity: !If [IsProd, 1, 0.5]
                  MaxCapacity: !If [IsProd, 8, 64]
        ```

### Writing the [`Outputs`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html) section

> You can use the `Outputs` section to define any values that can be consumed by other resources, for example, a service,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `Outputs` section to define any values that can be consumed by other resources; for example, a service,
```

a CloudFormation stack, etc.

#### Workload addons: Connecting to your workloads
!!!caution ""

>     This section applies only to workload addons.

Reviewer: nit: we can drop this caution, it's already in the header

Here are several possible ways to access addon [`Resources`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/resources-section-structure.html) 
from your ECS task or App Runner instance:

* If you need to add additional policies to your ECS task role or App Runner instance role, you can define an [IAM ManagedPolicy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-managedpolicy.html) addon resource in your template that holds the additional permissions, and then [output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html) it. The permission will be injected into your task or instance role.
* If you need to add a security group to your ECS service, you can define a [Security Group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ec2-security-group.html) in your template, and then add it as an [Output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html). The security group will be automatically attached to your ECS service.

> * If you'd like to inject a secret to your ECS task, you can define a [Secret](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-secretsmanager-secret.html) in your template, and then add it as an [Output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html). The secret will be injected into your container and can be accessed as an environment variable as capital SNAKE_CASE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you'd like to inject a secret to your ECS task, you can define a [Secret](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-secretsmanager-secret.html) in your template, and then add it as an [Output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html). The secret will be injected into your container and can be accessed as an environment variable in capital SNAKE_CASE.
```

> * If you'd like to inject any resource value as an environment variable, you can create an [Output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html) for any value that you want to be injected as an environment variable to your ECS tasks. It will be injected into your container and accessed as an environment variable  as capital SNAKE_CASE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you'd like to inject any resource value as an environment variable to your ECS tasks, you can create an [Output](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/outputs-section-structure.html). It will be injected into your container and may be accessed as an environment variable in capital SNAKE_CASE.
```

#### Environment addon: Connecting to your workloads
!!!caution ""

>     This section applies only to environment addons.

Reviewer: nit: samesies here
